src/pages/docs/all-props/index.mdx, before:

import Actions from './actions.md'
import Columns from './columns.md'
import Components from './components.md'
import DetailPanel from './detail-panel.md'
import Icons from './icons.md'
import Localization from './localization.md'
import Options from './options.md'


# All Props

| Property            | Type                            | Default           | Description                                                       |
|:--------------------|:--------------------------------|:------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|
| actions             | Array                           |                   | Action list. An icon button will be rendered for each actions     |
| columns             | Array                           |                   | Column definitions                                                |
| components          | object                          |                   | Component customization                                           |
| data                | Array or func for remote data   |                   | Data to be rendered                                               |
| detailPanel         | func or array of detailPanel    |                   | Component(s) to be rendered on detail panel                       |
| editable            | object                          |                   | object for add, update and delete functions                       |
| icons               | object                          |                   | Icons customization                                               |
| isLoading           | boolean                         | false             | Flag for loading animation                                        |
| localization        | object                          |                   | All text for localization                                         |
| onChangePage        | func                            |                   | To handle page changes (page)                                     |
| onChangeRowsPerPage | func                            |                   | To handle rows per page changes (pageSize)                        |
| onOrderChange       | func                            |                   | To handle order changes (orderedColumnId, orderDirection)         |
| onRowClick          | func                            |                   | To handle row click (event, rowData)                              |
| onSelectionChange   | func                            |                   | To handle selection changes                                       |
| onTreeExpandChange  | func                            |                   | To handle tree data rows expand changes                           |
| options             | object                          |                   | All options of table                                              |
| parentChildData     | func                            |                   | Func that makes table parent-child table                          |
| tableRef            | any                             |                   | Could be use to pass ref over withStyles                          |
| title               | string or ReactElement          | 'Table Title'     | Table Title (only render if toolbar option is true                |

<br/>

## actions

<Actions/><br/>

## columns

<Columns/><br/>

## components

<Components/><br/>

## detailPanel

<DetailPanel/><br/>

## icons

<Icons/><br/>

## data

Data must be array of objects which has fields defined in columns. For example:

```js
const data = [
    {name: 'Mehmet', surname: 'Baran', birthYear: 1987, birthCity: 63},
    {name: 'Zerya Betül', surname: 'Baran', birthYear: 2017, birthCity: 34},
]

```

<br/>

## localization

<Localization/><br/>

## options

<Options/><br/>

Commit message:

style added to table props

src/pages/docs/all-props/index.mdx, after:

import Actions from './actions.md'
import Columns from './columns.md'
import Components from './components.md'
import DetailPanel from './detail-panel.md'
import Icons from './icons.md'
import Localization from './localization.md'
import Options from './options.md'


# All Props

| Property            | Type                            | Default           | Description                                                       |
|:--------------------|:--------------------------------|:------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|
| actions             | Array                           |                   | Action list. An icon button will be rendered for each actions     |
| columns             | Array                           |                   | Column definitions                                                |
| components          | object                          |                   | Component customization                                           |
| data                | Array or func for remote data   |                   | Data to be rendered                                               |
| detailPanel         | func or array of detailPanel    |                   | Component(s) to be rendered on detail panel                       |
| editable            | object                          |                   | object for add, update and delete functions                       |
| icons               | object                          |                   | Icons customization                                               |
| isLoading           | boolean                         | false             | Flag for loading animation                                        |
| localization        | object                          |                   | All text for localization                                         |
| onChangePage        | func                            |                   | To handle page changes (page)                                     |
| onChangeRowsPerPage | func                            |                   | To handle rows per page changes (pageSize)                        |
| onOrderChange       | func                            |                   | To handle order changes (orderedColumnId, orderDirection)         |
| onRowClick          | func                            |                   | To handle row click (event, rowData)                              |
| onSelectionChange   | func                            |                   | To handle selection changes                                       |
| onTreeExpandChange  | func                            |                   | To handle tree data rows expand changes                           |
| options             | object                          |                   | All options of table                                              |
| parentChildData     | func                            |                   | Func that makes table parent-child table                          |
| style               | Css style                       |                   | Style would be applied to Container of table                      |
| tableRef            | any                             |                   | Could be use to pass ref over withStyles                          |
| title               | string or ReactElement          | 'Table Title'     | Table Title (only render if toolbar option is true                |

<br/>

## actions

<Actions/><br/>

## columns

<Columns/><br/>

## components

<Components/><br/>

## detailPanel

<DetailPanel/><br/>

## icons

<Icons/><br/>

## data

Data must be array of objects which has fields defined in columns. For example:

```js
const data = [
    {name: 'Mehmet', surname: 'Baran', birthYear: 1987, birthCity: 63},
    {name: 'Zerya Betül', surname: 'Baran', birthYear: 2017, birthCity: 34},
]

```

<br/>

## localization

<Localization/><br/>

## options

<Options/><br/>
